costumers  costumers  www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com is a sole proprietary firm , Juridical rights of www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com are reserved with Attica digital marketing



Personal Information www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com and the website www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com (”The Site”) . respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy succinctly provides the manner your data is collected and used by www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com. on the Site. As a visitor to the Site/ Customer you are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully.



Services Overview As part of the registration process on the Site, www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com may collect the following personally identifiable information about you: Name including first and last name, alternate email address, mobile phone number and contact details, Postal code, GPS location, Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.)



Eligibility Services of the Site would be available to only select geographies in India. Persons who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use the Site. 



License & Site Access www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com grants you a limited sub-license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of www.Atticadigitalmarketing.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; 



Account & Registration Obligations All shoppers have to register and login for placing orders on the Site. You have to keep your account and registration details current and correct for communications related to your purchases from the site. By agreeing to the terms and conditions, the shopper agrees to receive promotional communication and newsletters upon registration. The customer can opt out either by unsubscribing in "My Account" or by contacting the customer service.



Pricing All the products listed on the Site will be sold at MRP unless otherwise specified. The prices mentioned at the time of ordering will be the prices charged on the date of the delivery. Although prices of most of the products do not fluctuate on a daily basis but some of the commodities and fresh food prices do change on a daily basis. In case the prices are higher or lower on the date of delivery not additional charges will be collected or refunded as the case may be at the time of the delivery of the order.



Cancellation by Site / Customer You as a customer can cancel your order anytime up to the cut-off time of the slot for which you have placed an order by calling our customer service. In such a case we will Credit your wallet against any payments already made by you for the order



Return & Refunds We have a "no questions asked return policy" which entitles all our Delivery Ambassadors to return the product at the time of delivery within 7 working days.



Delivery & Shipping Charge



1.You can expect to receive your order depending on the delivery option you have chosen.



2.You can order 24*7 in website & mobile application , Our delivery timeings are between 06:00 AM - 02:00PM Same day delivery.



3.You will get free shipping on order amount above Rs.150.



You Agree and Confirm



1. That in the event that a non-delivery occurs on account of a mistake by you (i.e. wrong name or address or any other wrong information) any extra cost incurred by food on the way. for redelivery shall be claimed from you.



2. That you will use the services provided by the Site, its affiliates, consultants and contracted companies, for lawful purposes only and comply with all applicable laws and regulations while using and transacting on the Site.



3. You will provide authentic and true information in all instances where such information is requested you. Alpha Ecommerce reserves the right to confirm and validate the information and other details provided by you at any point of time. 



4. That you are accessing the services available on this Site and transacting at your sole risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transaction through this Site.



5. That the address at which delivery of the product ordered by you is to be made will be correct and proper in all respects.



6. That before placing an order you will check the product description carefully. By placing an order for a product you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the item's description.